Dear Josiah Carberry,

Brown University Library has registered to create an ORCID account for you. This account will provide you with a unique research identifier that you can use in your publications and grants. The account provides a place to list your publications, grants, patents, and other information about your professional research activities.

To make creating your ORCID record easier, Brown University Library has already entered information into your account. Please review it.

If you are satisfied with the information in your account, you need not take further action. If you see information that is incorrect; that should be private; or if you simply do not wish to have an account at this time, you can use the link below to make any changes you like -- the ORCID system gives you complete control over the privacy of your profile. When your account does become active, any information Brown University Library marked as "public" will viewable in the ORCID Registry and freely available to the public, unless you change the privacy settings.

What is ORCID? ORCID is a registry of unique identifiers for researchers and scholars. The ORCID identifier is intended to help link you with your research works and activities. You may include your ORCID ID in processes such as manuscript submission and grant applications and synchronize the data in your ORCID record with external systems by including external identifiers. You may add or edit data in your ORCID record, adjust privacy settings, and select trusted parties with whom to share your data.

How do I claim my ORCID record? We encourage you to login and review your account, so that you may take full advantage of the ORCID Registry, including privacy settings, assignment of proxies, and selection of trusted parties. To claim your account follow this link to set a password and access your record. If you can't click on the link, copy and paste it into your browser:
http://testserver.orcid.org/claim/WnhVWGhYVk9lTng4bWdqaDl0azBXY3BmN1F4dHExOW95SnNxeVJSMy9Scz0

Where do I learn more about ORCID? Please see our Webpage at http://orcid.org.  More on ORCID's Privacy Policy is available here - http://orcid.org/privacy-policy.

Need help? If you have any questions about the registration process, please contact the ORCID support team at support@orcid.org. Please note that the sending email address cannot accept replies.

Kind Regards,
The ORCID Team
support@orcid.org
http://testserver.orcid.org

You have received this e-mail in the genuine belief that its contents would be of interest to you. To opt-out of messages from ORCID please go to your Account Settings page at http://testserver.orcid.org/manage - you'll need to claim your record before you can do this.
